roll sound well camera ready boys why
please wait at West scene 12 take 1 you
feel about the size of the audiences
I've been a little disappointed and they
said could you persuade Stan and I'll
need to do some publicity in order to
turn a tour around it'll be any more
money they said no but who is they
people the worst kind here we are the
eiffel tower house you me have hertz is
even pushing in a little too late no you
bit a long time ago so goodbye Hollywood
that's all in the past you know still
carrying that around are you because I
went ahead and did a picture with
someone else 16 years ago
you and Harry are just gonna be great
together we couldn't sleep the days when
they told me what you did and I couldn't
sleep when I did it
you betrayed me betrayed our friendship
I loved us you loved Laurel and Hardy
but you never loved me
[Music]
the doctors told me I can't continue
with the tour my heart won't take it
he asked me since he was sick I wouldn't
mind carrying on the show with somebody
else they introduced to mr. Nobby cook
you're not leaving are you Stan the show
must go on that was pure magic
[Music]
[Applause]
we like to finish now with a little
dance and sure I can
I'll miss this one we're going show it
[Music]
[Applause]
time's it now hold this
do we really need that trunk
[Music]